Hello everyone!!
Welcome to A.I.Channel!!
Today’s no exception; I’m putting my energy into filming a new video for you!
The game I’ll play today is:
"AnimalTower Wars"
(links in the description)
"Hey! Hey!" Hehe
"You played this game before!"
Hah hah hah!
Oh well!
I have no idea what will happen in this game
It’s a super-exciting,
and thrilling game!
Well then…
Let's get started!!
A.I.Channellllll～!!
Ahh, today…
I think I’ll completely conquer this
First up…
Oh~
A White Bear, huh?
And then…?
I’ll place…
this tortoise…
right above
Oh~
Nice balance~
This is very…
Ah, another…
one…
Mr. Tortoise~
Ahh! This is getting dangerous!
Oh!!
O-ohhh…
Oh! This…
can go here…
Like so!
Oh!!
Amazing!!
This is quite
a nice battle
Eh?
Eh??
It changed positions
Eh?
Change??
I’ll place this here, like so~
Ah! That wasn’t right!
Ah!
Oh~!!
No!!
Wow
Ehh!?
Yes!
Yes!!
Yes!!!
Ahh! AHH!
Fu〇〇!!
Ah…
Ze-…
"Zebra"…
How do you say it in Japanese again?
"Zemuraa"
Ahh!
"Shima shima!!"
"Shima shima…"
"Shima uma! Shima uma!!"
Mrs. Hippo
Yeah~!
I did it!
Win!!
Oh~!
Tiger~!
Very very cute!!
White Bear?
Oh~!
Hoh!
Pantu!?
Paaan… Pan…da?
Zebra?
Zebra… Zebra… Zebra…
"Pyooon"
(giggle)
Umm…
This is…
SHIKA☆
(Japanese for deer)
Wow!!
Tiger!!
Wow~
Um~
Bear??
Bear?
Wow!!
Mr. Mrs.!!
Mrs. Mary-san
"Mary-san"?
(Reference: Mary Had a Little Lamb)
Cute!
No~!
No!! No!!
(disgruntled AI-chan noise)
Noooo!!!
Nnn…?
"Huaaa"
No!!
AHHH!
Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!
AHHH!!
Fu〇〇!!
Fu〇〇in!!
A.I.Channel💢
Ahh~
That was such
an intarasting (interesting) game, right?
I'm so fun!!
That was insanely fun!!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you next time!!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Loserbait, WandersGion